---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
layout: "celerdatabyoc"
page_title: "Provider: celerdatabyoc"
sidebar_current: "docs-celerdatabyoc-index"
description: Terraform provider for the celerdatabyoc cloud
---

# CelerData Cloud BYOC Provider

The CelerData Cloud BYOC provider is used to configure the infrastructure that hosts your CelerData resources. You must configure the provider with proper credentials before you can use it. Currently the provider supports deployments on both AWS and Azure:

- On AWS, you can deploy cluster or elastic clusters. See [Provision CelerData Cloud BYOC on AWS](../docs/guides/aws_deployment_guide.md).
- On Azure, you can deploy only classic clusters. See [Provision CelerData Cloud BYOC on Azure](../docs/guides/azure_deployment_guide.md).

To learn more about the basics of Terraform using this provider, follow the hands-on tutorials provided in "Guides" in the navigation to the left.

You can also find documentation regarding the resources and data sources supported by this provider in the navigation to the left.

## Authentication

Before you start a cluster deployment through Terraform, you must authenticate Terraform into the CelerData Cloud BYOC platform.

Currently, Terraform supports authentication with application keys and service accounts.

### Authenticate with an application key

Create an application key by following these steps:

1. Sign in to the [CelerData Cloud BYOC console](https://cloud.celerdata.com/login).

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **Application keys**.

3. On the **Application keys** page, click **New secret**.

4. In the dialog box that appears, optionally enter a description, and then click **Generate now** to generate an application key. Then, copy the **Secret** and **Client ID** before you close the dialog box.

   > **NOTE**
   >
   > The **Secret** can be viewed only when the application key is created. Make sure that you copy and save the **Secret** before closing the dialog box.

The CelerData Cloud BYOC provider will use the **Secret** and **Client ID** of your application key to provision and manage CelerData resources.

For more information about managing application keys, see [Application keys](https://docs.celerdata.com/byoc/main/security/application_keys).

### Authenticate with a service account

Unlike application keys, service accounts are independent identities that do not depend on any CelerData members.

Create a service account by following these steps:

1. Sign in to the [CelerData Cloud BYOC console](https://cloud.celerdata.com/login).

2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **Access Control** > **Member**.

3. On the **Members** page, click the **Service accounts** tab.

4. On the **Service accounts** tab, click **Create a service account**.

5. In the **Generate secret for service account** dialog box, enter a name for the service account, and click **Generate now**.

6. Copy the **Client Secret** and **Client ID**, and click **Yes, I have finished it** to close the dialog box.

   > **NOTE**
   >
   > The **Client Secret** can be viewed only when the service account is created. Make sure that you copy and save the **Client Secret** before closing the dialog box.

The CelerData Cloud BYOC provider will use the **Secret** and **Client ID** of your service account to provision and manage CelerData resources.

For more information about managing service accounts, see [Service accounts](https://docs.celerdata.com/byoc/main/security/service_accounts).

## Privileges

Cluster deployments require the cloud settings management privilege.

- If you use application keys for authentication, make sure that the CelerData cloud account you used to create the application key for the cluster deployments through Terraform has the privilege.
- If you use service accounts for authentication, make sure that you have [assigned the privilege](https://docs.celerdata.com/byoc/main/security/service_accounts#assign-roles-to-a-service-account) to the service account used for the cluster deployments through Terraform.

See [Privileges](https://docs.celerdata.com/byoc/main/security/cloud_access_control/cloud_access_control_overview#privileges) for more information.
