---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "celerdatabyoc_azure_data_credential Resource - terraform-provider-celerdatabyoc"
subcategory: "Deployment"
description: |-
  
---

~> The resource's API may change in subsequent versions to simplify user experience.

Creates a data credential for Azure in CelerData Cloud Private.

A data credential for Azure references a managed identity, which declares read and write permissions on a container in an Azure storage account. Through a managed identity, the VMs within an Azure virtual network can gain read and write permissions on specific storage. After you create a CelerData cluster by using a specific data credential, all profiles generated by CelerData for SQL queries within the cluster will be stored to the Azure storage account and container referenced in the data credential.

The implementation of this resource can be part of the cluster deployment procedure. You can find details about the cluster deployment procedure in [Provision CelerData Cloud Private on Azure](../guides/azure_deployment_guide.md). You can also implement this resource separately to create a data credential, which then can be reused together with the matching deployment credential and network configuration many times to deploy clusters.

This resource depends on the implementation of the following resources:

- [azurerm_resource_group](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_group)
- [azurerm_user_assigned_identity](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/user_assigned_identity)
- [azurerm_role_assignment](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment)
- [azurerm_storage_account](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/storage_account)
- [azurerm_storage_container](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/storage_container)

Therefore, you must implement these resources before implementing this one. For more information about implementing these resources, see [Configure Azure objects](../guides/azure_deployment_guide.md#configure-azure-objects).

This resource is also a prerequisite for the implementation of the credential-related resources [`celerdatabyoc_azure_deployment_credential`](../resources/azure_deployment_credential.md) and [`celerdatabyoc_azure_network`](../resources/azure_network.md) resources required for cluster deployment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "celerdatabyoc_azure_data_credential" "example" {
  name                         = "<data_credential_name>"
  managed_identity_resource_id = azurerm_user_assigned_identity.example.id
  storage_account_name         = azurerm_storage_account.example.name
  container_name               = azurerm_storage_container.example.name
}
```

## Argument Reference

~> This section explains only the arguments of the `celerdatabyoc_azure_data_credential` resource. For the explanation of arguments of other resources, see the corresponding resource topics.

This resource contains the following required arguments:

- `name`: (Forces new resource) The name of the data credential. Enter a unique name.
- `managed_identity_resource_id`: (Forces new resource) The ID of the managed identity.
- `storage_account_name`: (Forces new resource) The name of the storage account.
- `container_name`: (Forces new resource) The name of the container.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes:

- `id`: The ID of the data credential.

## See Also

- [Provision CelerData Cloud Private on Azure](../guides/azure_deployment_guide.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_azure_deployment_credential](../resources/azure_deployment_credential.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_azure_network](../resources/azure_network.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster](../resources/classic_cluster.md)
