---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "celerdatabyoc_azure_deployment_credential Resource - terraform-provider-celerdatabyoc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

~> The resource's API may change in subsequent versions to simplify user experience.

Creates a deployment credential for Azure in CelerData Cloud BYOC.

A deployment credential for Azure includes a service principal and an SSH public key. The service principal allows Terraform to launch the necessary resources required for your deployment and follow-up scaling, while the SSH public key provides Terraform access to deploy services on your Azure virtual network.

The implementation of this resource can be part of the cluster deployment procedure. You can find details about the cluster deployment procedure in [Provision CelerData Cloud BYOC on Azure](../guides/azure_deployment_guide.md). You can also implement this resource separately to create a deployment credential, which then can be reused together with the matching data credential and network configuration many times to deploy clusters.

This resource depends on the implementation of the following resources:

- [celerdatabyoc_azure_data_credential](../resources/azure_data_credential.md)
- [azuread_application_registration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/application_registration)
- [azuread_service_principal](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/service_principal)
- [azuread_application_password](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/application_password)
- [azurerm_ssh_public_key](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/ssh_public_key)

Therefore, you must implement these resources before implementing this one. For more information about implementing these resources, see [Configure Azure objects](../guides/azure_deployment_guide.md#configure-azure-objects) and [Describe infrastructure](../guides/azure_deployment_guide.md#describe-infrastructure).

This resource is also a prerequisite for the implementation of the credential-related resource [`celerdatabyoc_azure_network`](../resources/azure_network.md) required for cluster deployment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "celerdatabyoc_azure_deployment_credential" "example" {
  name                = "<deployment_credential_name>"
  application_id      = "<application_id>"
  directory_id        = "<directory_id>"
  client_secret_value = "<client_secret_value>"
  ssh_key_resource_id = "<ssh_public_key_id>"
}
```

## Argument Reference

~> This section explains only the arguments of the `celerdatabyoc_azure_deployment_credential` resource. For the explanation of arguments of other resources, see the corresponding resource topics.

This resource contains the following required arguments:

- `name`: (Forces new resource) The name of the deployment credential. Enter a unique name.

- `application_id`: (Forces new resource) The application (client) ID of the registered application.

- `directory_id`: (Forces new resource) The directory (tenant) ID of the registered application.

- `client_secret_value`: (Forces new resource) The value of the client secret of the registered application.

- `ssh_key_resource_id`: (Forces new resource) The ID of the SSH public key.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes:

- `id`: The ID of the deployment credential.

## See Also

- [Provision CelerData Cloud BYOC on Azure](../guides/azure_deployment_guide.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_azure_data_credential](../resources/azure_data_credential.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_azure_network](../resources/azure_network.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster](../resources/classic_cluster.md)
