---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "celerdatabyoc_azure_network Resource - terraform-provider-celerdatabyoc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

~> The resource's API may change in subsequent versions to simplify user experience.

Creates a network configuration for Azure in CelerData Cloud BYOC.

A network configuration for Azure defines the network infrastructure such as the virtual network and subnet that hosts your CelerData cluster deployment, as well as the security rules that control the incoming and outgoing traffic of the CelerData cluster.

The implementation of this resource can be part of the whole cluster deployment procedure. You can find details about the cluster deployment procedure in [Provision CelerData Cloud BYOC on Azure](../guides/azure_deployment_guide.md). You can also implement this resource separately to create a data credential, which then can be reused together with the matching data credential and deployment credential many times to deploy clusters.

This resource also depends on the implementation of the following resources:

- [celerdatabyoc_azure_deployment_credential](../resources/azure_deployment_credential.md)
- [azurerm_virtual_network](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_network)
- [azurerm_subnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet)
- [azurerm_subnet_network_security_group_association](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet_network_security_group_association)

Therefore, you must implement these resources before implementing this one. For more information about implementing these resources, see [Configure Azure objects](../guides/azure_deployment_guide.md#configure-azure-objects) and [Describe infrastructure](../guides/azure_deployment_guide.md#describe-infrastructure).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "celerdatabyoc_azure_network" "example" {
  name                        = "<network_credential_name>"
  deployment_credential_id    = "<deployment_credential_id>"
  virtual_network_resource_id = "<virtual_network_id>"
  subnet_name                 = "<subnet_name>"
  region                      = "<region_id>"
  public_accessible           = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

~> This section explains only the arguments of the `celerdatabyoc_azure_network` resource. For the explanation of arguments of other resources, see the corresponding resource topics.

This resource contains the following required arguments and optional arguments:

**Required:**

- `name`: (Forces new resource) The name of the network configuration. Enter a unique name.

- `deployment_credential_id`: (Forces new resource) The ID of the deployment credential.

- `virtual_network_resource_id`: (Forces new resource) The resource ID of the Azure virtual network.

- `subnet_name`: (Forces new resource) The name of the subnet.

- `region`: (Forces new resource) The ID of the Azure region. Set the value to `local.cluster_region`, as we recommend that you set the region element as a local value in your Terraform configuration. See [Local Values](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/values/locals).

**Optional:**

- `public_accessible`: (Forces new resource) Whether the cluster can be accessed from public networks. Valid values: `true` and `false`. If you set this argument to `true`, CelerData will attach a load balancer to the cluster to distribute incoming queries, and will assign a public domain name to the cluster so you can access the cluster over a public network. If you set this argument to `false`, the cluster is accessible only through a private domain name.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes:'

- `id`: The ID of the network configuration.

## See Also

- [Provision CelerData Cloud BYOC on Azure](../guides/azure_deployment_guide.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_azure_data_credential](../resources/azure_data_credential.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_azure_deployment_credential](../resources/azure_deployment_credential.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster](../resources/classic_cluster.md)
