---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "celerdatabyoc_cluster_custom_config Resource - terraform-provider-celerdatabyoc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

Configures static parameters for BE or FE nodes in a classic cluster or Compute or Coordinator Nodes an elastic cluster.

You can configure the static parameters of these nodes to fine-tune them to achieve better query or loading performance or satisfy certain requirements.

Please note that this API only modifies the specified static parameters. Modifications will not take effect until you apply the configurations using the Terraform API [celerdatabyoc_cluster_apply_custom_config](./cluster_apply_custom_config.md) or the OpenAPI [apply-custom-config](https://docs.celerdata.com/byoc/main/API/actions/clusters/create_and_manage_clusters/apply_static_configuration).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "celerdatabyoc_cluster_custom_config" "my_config" {
    cluster_id = "<cluster_resource_id>"
    warehouse_id = "<warehouse_id>"
    config_type = "{ FE | BE | RANGER}"
    configs = {
        <parameter_key_1> = <parameter_value_1>
        <parameter_key_2> = <parameter_value_2>
        ...
    }
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource contains the following required arguments:

- `cluster_id`: (String, Forces new resource) The ID of the `celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster` or `celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster` resource.

  - If the cluster is a classic cluster, set this argument to `celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster.<cluster_resource_name>.id`, and replace `<cluster_resource_name>` with your cluster resource name.
  - If the cluster is an elastic cluster, set this argument to `celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster.<cluster_resource_name>.id`, and replace `<cluster_resource_name>` with your cluster resource name.

- `warehouse_id`: (String, Forces new resource) The ID of the warehouse for which you want to configure static Compute Node parameters in the `celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster` resource. Please note that modifications to Compute Node configurations takes effect warehouse-wide.

~> You must delete the argument `warehouse_id` if you want to configure static parameters in the `celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster` resource or Coordinator Node parameters in the `celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster` resource.

- `config_type`: The type of the configuration. Valid values:

  - `FE`: FE/Coordinator node static configuration.
  - `BE`: BE/Compute Node static configuration.
  - `RANGER` Ranger static configuration.

- `configs`: The key-value pairs of the configurations you want to modify. You can specify multiple key-value pairs.

  - `<parameter_key>`: The name of the static parameter you want to configure.
  - `<parameter_value>`: The parameter value you want to set for the corresponding `<parameter_key>`.

  For the details of the parameters you can configure, see [Usage notes](#usage-notes).

~> Deleting all key-value pairs in `configs` will remove all modifications you have made.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attribute:

`id`: The ID of this resource.

## Usage notes

- You can view all supported parameters from [StarRocks BE configuration](https://docs.starrocks.io/docs/administration/management/BE_configuration/#understand-be-parameters) and [StarRocks FE configuration](https://docs.starrocks.io/docs/administration/management/FE_configuration/#understand-fe-parameters).

  - Parameters marked as `Is mutable: No` are static parameters.
  - The parameter value type is marked in the `Type` field of the description.

- Currently, CelerData does not support validation checks for the `<parameter_key>` and `<parameter_value>` fields. You are responsible for the validation of the configuration and any risks and consequences that are caused by invalid configurations.
- Modifications to infrastructure-related parameters (for example, ports and storage paths) are not allowed.
