---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "celerdatabyoc_cluster_user Resource - terraform-provider-celerdatabyoc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

~> The resource's API may change in subsequent versions to simplify user experience.

Creates a database user for a CelerData cluster.

Note that you can create a database user for a cluster only when the cluster is in the **Running** state. If the cluster is not running, you can resume it by following the instructions provided in [Resume or suspend a cluster](../guides/resume_suspend_cluster.md).

Also, you will need to provide a database user (for example, the user `admin`) who has permission to create database users.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "celerdatabyoc_cluster_user" "user_01" {
  cluster_id     = <cluster_resource_id>
  login_user     = "<authorized_database_username>"
  login_password = "<authorized_database_user_password>"
  user_name      = "<new_database_username>"
  user_password  = "<new_database_user_password>"
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource contains the following required arguments:

- `cluster_id`: (String, Forces new resource) The ID of the `celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster` or `celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster` resource.
  - If the cluster is a classic cluster, set this argument to `celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster.<cluster_resource_name>.id`, and replace `<cluster_resource_name>` with your cluster resource name.
  - If the cluster is an elastic cluster, set this argument to `celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster.<cluster_resource_name>.id`, and replace `<cluster_resource_name>` with your cluster resource name.
- `login_user`: (String) The name of the database user who has permission to create other database users.
- `login_password`: (String) The password for the preceding authorized database user.
- `user_name`: (String) The name of the database user to be created.
- `user_password`: (String) The password of the preceding database user to be created.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attribute:

- `id`: The ID of this resource.

## See Also

- [celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster](../resources/classic_cluster.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster](../resources/elastic_cluster.md)
- [Resume or suspend a cluster](../guides/resume_suspend_cluster.md)
