---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "celerdatabyoc_cluster_modify_volume_detail Resource - terraform-provider-celerdatabyoc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

Modifies detailed configurations for storage volumes of FE/BE nodes in a classic cluster or Coordinator Nodes in an elastic cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Modify cluster cluster`s FE nodes volume detail
resource "celerdatabyoc_cluster_modify_volume_detail" "config_volume_detail" {
    cluster_id = <cluster_resource_id>
    node_type  = "FE"
    vol_size   = 100
    iops       = 5000
    throughput = 150
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource contains the following required arguments and optional arguments:

**Required:**

- `cluster_id`: (String, Forces new resource) The ID of the `celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster` or `celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster` resource.

  - If the cluster is a classic cluster, set this argument to `celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster.<cluster_resource_name>.id`, and replace `<cluster_resource_name>` with your cluster resource name.
  - If the cluster is an elastic cluster, set this argument to `celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster.<cluster_resource_name>.id`, and replace `<cluster_resource_name>` with your cluster resource name.

- `node_type`: (String, Forces new resource) The type of the cluster node. Valid values:
  - `FE`: FE node in the classic cluster.
  - `BE`: BE node in the classic cluster.
  - `COORDINATOR`: Coordinator Node in the elastic cluster coordinator node.

**Optional:**

- `vol_size`: (String, Forces new resource) The size of the volume. Unit: GB. Range: [Current volume size, 16000].

  ~> You can only increase the volume size.

- `iops`: (String, Forces new resource) The IOPS of the volume. Range: (3000, 16000).

- `throughput`: (String, Forces new resource) The throughput of the volume.

~> CelerData cluster deployed on Azure do not support modifying `iops` and `throughput`

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attribute:

- `id`: The ID of this resource.

## Usage notes

You can get the current volume details with the data source [celerdatabyoc_data_cluster_volume_detail](../data-sources/data_cluster_volume_detail.md).

## See Also

- [celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster](../resources/classic_cluster.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster](../resources/elastic_cluster.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_data_cluster_volume_detail](../data-sources/data_cluster_volume_detail.md)
