---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "celerdatabyoc_cluster_modify_volume Resource - terraform-provider-celerdatabyoc"
subcategory: "Deployment"
description: |-
  
---

Modify volume detail for FE/BE nodes in a classic cluster or Coordinator Nodes in an elastic cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Modify cluster cluster`s FE nodes volume detail
resource "celerdatabyoc_cluster_modify_volume_detail" "config_volume_detail" {
    cluster_id = <Cluster Resource ID>
    node_type  = "FE"
    vol_size   = 100
    iops       = 5000
    throughput = 150
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource contains the following required arguments:

- `cluster_id`: (String, Forces new resource) The ID of the `celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster` or `celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster` resource.

  - If the cluster is a classic cluster, set this argument to `celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster.<cluster_resource_name>.id`, and replace `<cluster_resource_name>` with your cluster resource name.
  - If the cluster is an elastic cluster, set this argument to `celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster.<cluster_resource_name>.id`, and replace `<cluster_resource_name>` with your cluster resource name.

- `node_type`: (String, Forces new resource) The type of the cluster node. Valid values:
  - `FE`: Classic cluster coordinator node.
  - `BE`: Classic cluster coordinator node.
  - `COORDINATOR`: Elastic cluster coordinator node.

This resource contains the following optional arguments:

- `vol_size`: (String, Forces new resource) The size of the volume. Unit:GB

- `iops`: (String, Forces new resource) The iops of the volume.

- `throughput`: (String, Forces new resource)  The throughput of the volume.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attribute:

- `id`: The ID of this resource.

## Usage notes

You can get the current volume details with the following resource [celerdatabyoc_cluster_data_volume_detail](../data-sources/cluster_data_volume_detail.md)

## See Also

- [celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster](../resources/classic_cluster.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster](../resources/elastic_cluster.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_cluster_modify_volume_detail](../resources/cluster_modify_volume.md)
