---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "celerdatabyoc_cluster_endpoints Resource - terraform-provider-celerdatabyoc"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  
---

~> The resource's API may change in subsequent versions to simplify user experience.

Returns the endpoints of a CelerData cluster.

If your CelerData cluster is deployed under a public subnet, both public and private endpoints will be returned. If your CelerData cluster is deployed under a private subnet, only the private endpoint will be returned.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "celerdatabyoc_cluster_endpoints" "endpoints"{
  cluster_id            = "<cluster_resource_id>"
}

# Output the `endpoints` attribute.
output "endpoints"{
    value = celerdatabyoc_cluster_endpoints.endpoints.endpoints
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource contains the following required arguments:

- `cluster_id`: (String, Forces new resource) The ID of the `celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster` or `celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster` resource.

  - If the cluster is a classic cluster, set this argument to `celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster.<cluster_resource_name>.id`, and replace `<cluster_resource_name>` with your cluster resource name.
  - If the cluster is an elastic cluster, set this argument to `celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster.<cluster_resource_name>.id`, and replace `<cluster_resource_name>` with your cluster resource name.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes:

- `id`: (String) The ID of the cluster.

- `endpoints`: (List of String) The list of endpoints. The attributes of an endpoint include:

  - `host`: The host of the endpoint.
  - `network_method`: The type of the endpoint. Valid values: `Public` and `Private`.
  - `port`: The port of the endpoint.

## See Also

- [Connect to a CelerData cluster](https://docs.celerdata.com/byoc/main/get_started/connect_cluster)
- [Connect from a client application to a CelerData cluster](https://docs.celerdata.com/byoc/main/cluster_management/connect_application_to_cluster)
