---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "celerdatabyoc_gcp_deployment_credential Resource - terraform-provider-celerdatabyoc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

~> The resource's API may change in subsequent versions to simplify user experience.

The implementation of this resource can be part of the cluster deployment procedure. You can find details about the cluster deployment procedure in [Provision CelerData Cloud BYOC on GCP](../guides/gcp_deployment_guide.md). You can also implement this resource separately to create a deployment credential, which then can be reused together with the matching data credential and network configuration many times to deploy clusters. For more detail see [Creates a deployment credential for GCP in CelerData Cloud BYOC](https://docs.celerdata.com/BYOC/docs/sql-reference/gcp/grant_resource_permission/).

This resource is also a prerequisite for the implementation of the credential-related resource [`celerdatabyoc_gcp_network`](../resources/gcp_network.md) required for cluster deployment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "celerdatabyoc_gcp_deployment_credential" "deployment_credential" {
  name = "<deployment_credential_name>"
  project_id = "<project_id>"
}
```

## Argument Reference

~> This section explains only the arguments of the `celerdatabyoc_gcp_deployment_credential` resource. For the explanation of arguments of other resources, see the corresponding resource topics.

This resource contains the following required arguments:

- `name`: (Forces new resource) The name of the deployment credential. Enter a unique name.

- `project_id`: (Forces new resource) The GCP project ID.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes:

- `id`: The ID of the deployment credential.

## See Also

- [Provision CelerData Cloud BYOC on GCP](../guides/gcp_deployment_guide.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_gcp_data_credential](../resources/gcp_data_credential.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_gcp_network](../resources/gcp_network.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster_v2](../resources/elastic_cluster_v2.md)
