---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "celerdatabyoc_gcp_data_credential Resource - terraform-provider-celerdatabyoc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

~> The resource's API may change in subsequent versions to simplify the user experience.

The CelerData cluster generates a profile for each SQL Query. These profiles are stored in your GCP bucket. To enable CelerData Cloud to read/write to your bucket, you need to create a data credential or select an existing data credential. For more detail see [Creates an GCP data credential](https://docs.celerdata.com/BYOC/docs/sql-reference/gcp/create_service_account_for_compute_engine/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "celerdatabyoc_gcp_data_credential" "data_credential" {
  name = "<data_credential_name>"
  bucket_name = "<gcp_bucket_name>"
  service_account = "<gcp_service_account_email>"
}
```

## Argument Reference

~> This section explains only the arguments of the `celerdatabyoc_gcp_data_credential` resource. For the explanation of arguments of other resources, see the corresponding resource topics.

This resource contains the following required arguments:

**Required:**
- `name`: (Forces new resource) The name of the data credential. Enter a unique name.

- `bucket_name`: (Forces new resource) The name of the GCP bucket for which to generate the policy document and that stores query profiles.

- `service_account`:(Forces new resource) The service account`s email which you have created to grant CelerData permission to access your bucket.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attribute:

- `id`: The ID of the data credential.

## See Also

- [Provision CelerData Cloud BYOC on GCP](../guides/gcp_deployment_guide.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_gcp_deployment_credential](../resources/gcp_deployment_credential.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_gcp_network](../resources/gcp_network.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster](../resources/classic_cluster.md)