---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "celerdatabyoc_ranger_config Resource - terraform-provider-celerdatabyoc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

~> The resource's API may change in subsequent versions to simplify user experience.

Defines a Ranger configuration for the integration between CelerData clusters and Apache Ranger.

A Ranger configuration specifies the remote storage paths to the configuration files required to integrate a CelerData cluster to Apache Ranger, which provides a centralized security management framework that allows users to customize access policies through a visual web page. You can apply the configuration when creating or modifying the cluster using [celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster](../resources/classic_cluster.md), [celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster](../resources/elastic_cluster.md), and [celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster_v2](../resources/elastic_cluster_v2.md).

~> Before proceeding, make sure you have prepared the configuration files required by following the instructions provided in [Manage permissions with Apache Ranger - Prepare files](https://docs.celerdata.com/BYOC/docs/administration/user_privs/Column_and_row-level_security/ranger_plugin/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "celerdatabyoc_ranger_config" "ranger_config" {
  name                               = "<ranger_config_name>"
  ranger_starrocks_security_xml_path = "<path_to_ranger-starrocks-security.xml>"

  ranger_starrocks_audit_xml_path = "<path_to_ranger-starrocks-audit.xml>"
  ranger_starrocks_policymgr_ssl_xml_path = "<path_to_ranger-policymgr-ssl.xml>"

  // To enable secure connection for Ranger using Trust Store
  ranger_starrocks_trust_store_path = "<path_to_ranger-truststore.jks>"
  ranger_starrocks_trust_store_cred_path = "<path_to_ranger-truststore.jceks>"
  // To enable secure connection for Ranger using Key Store
  ranger_starrocks_key_store_path = "<path_to_ranger-keystore.jks>"
  ranger_starrocks_key_store_cred_path = "<path_to_ranger-keystore.jceks>"

  ranger_hive_security_xml_path = "<path_to_ranger-hive-security.xml>"
  ranger_hive_audit_xml_path = "<path_to_ranger-hive-audit.xml>"
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource contains the following required arguments and optional arguments:

**Required:**

- `name`: (Forces new resource) The name of the Ranger configuration. Enter a unique name.

- `ranger_starrocks_security_xml_path`: (Forces new resource) The remote storage path to the `ranger-starrocks-security.xml` file, which is the configuration file used in conjunction between StarRocks and Apache Ranger.

**Optional:**

- `ranger_starrocks_audit_xml_path`: (Forces new resource) The remote storage path to the `ranger-starrocks-audit.xml` file, which is used to enable the Audit Log service of Ranger. 

- `ranger_starrocks_policymgr_ssl_xml_path`: (Forces new resource) The remote storage path to the `ranger-policymgr-ssl.xml` file, which is used to specify the actual local paths (on the server) of the corresponding files for the Trust Store or Key Store.

- `ranger_starrocks_trust_store_path`: (Forces new resource) The remote storage path to the `truststore.jks` file. Specify this argument if you want to enable secure connection via Trust Store.

- `ranger_starrocks_trust_store_cred_path`: (Forces new resource) The remote storage path to the `truststore.jceks` file. Specify this argument if you want to enable secure connection via Trust Store.

- `ranger_starrocks_key_store_path`: (Forces new resource) The remote storage path to the `keystore.jks` file. Specify this argument if you want to enable secure connection via Key Store.

- `ranger_starrocks_key_store_cred_path`: (Forces new resource) The remote storage path to the `keystore.jceks` file. Specify this argument if you want to enable secure connection via Key Store.

- `ranger_hive_security_xml_path`: (Forces new resource) The remote storage path to the `ranger-hive-security.xml` file, which is used to enable Ranger's access control for Hive Catalog.

- `ranger_hive_audit_xml_path`: (Forces new resource) The remote storage path to the `ranger-hive-audit.xml` file, which is used to enable Ranger's Audit Log service for Hive Catalog.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes:

- `id`: The ID of the Ranger configuration.

## See Also

- [celerdatabyoc_classic_cluster](../resources/classic_cluster.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster](../resources/elastic_cluster.md)
- [celerdatabyoc_elastic_cluster_v2](../resources/elastic_cluster_v2.md)
